README.md, before:

Grommet
=======

Description
-----------

OpenSCAD design for a wall or desk cable grommet.
Having mounted my LED television on the wall I have a 80mm hole behind the TV, through which all the cables arrive. No-one can see it of course, but I know it's there and it needs finishing, otherwise I might start muttering incoherently.

It was designed in openscad and is fully parametric, it could doubtless be used for other purposes, including a desk grommet.

Features
--------

* Fully parametric
* Adjustable to fit any hole
* Parameters includes choice of 4, 2 or 0 clips
* Two part cap for easy insertion of cables
* Cap and Grommet are in separate modules (within the same scad file) so easy to print separately

Instructions
------------

Open scad file and edit with the measurements for your grommet, compile and export as STL, then convert to gcodes in the usual way and send to your 3D printer.

The two halves of the cap seem to stick together slightly, but I found it easy to separate them.

Commit message:

add copyright and general tidy

README.md, after:

Cable Grommet
=============

Copyright (C) Christopher Roberts

Licensed under the [GPL v3 Licence](https://github.com/chrisjrob/grommet/blob/master/LICENCE.md "Read licence")

Description
-----------
OpenSCAD design for a wall or desk cable grommet.
Having mounted my LED television on the wall I have a 80mm hole behind the TV, through which all the cables arrive. No-one can see it of course, but I know it's there and it needs finishing, otherwise I might start muttering incoherently.

It was designed in openscad and is fully parametric, it could doubtless be used for other purposes, including a desk grommet.

Features
--------
* Fully parametric
* Adjustable to fit any hole
* Parameters includes choice of 4, 2 or 0 clips
* Two part cap for easy insertion of cables
* Cap and Grommet are in separate modules (within the same scad file) so easy to print separately

Status
------
Complete

Instructions
------------
Open SCAD File and edit with the measurements for your grommet, compile and export as STL, then convert to gcodes in the usual way and send to your 3D printer.

The two halves of the cap seem to stick together slightly, but I found it easy to separate them.
